welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
14.
and remember you can watch all these new
episodes of fear of the walking dead on
amc plus plus check out all their other
awesome shows and lose yourself in their
epic worlds
this episode is finally centered on
alicia she's a prisoner of teddy and the
end is the beginning crew right now
they're playing his recordings for her
about how we're all stuck in a loop and
we gotta break free because the end is
the beginning we get a flashback to see
teddy's story of when he was in jail yes
remember he was the serial killer
mortician that john dory's dad got
locked up
and we see that he's always been crazy
wanting to destroy the world and restart
and when the zombie apocalypse happened
he's like hey i was right
he's like hey so you're ready to be a
true believer and join my cult yet but
she's like look that's just not gonna
happen
riley's like yo let's just kill this
girl but teddy oh grabs him by the dick
from behind
for some reason he thinks alicia is very
important to his plans he needs her
alive
so he's gonna go off on some sort of
road trip for her but just then some new
recruits are coming in and one of them
is dakota yeah she's here undercover to
try to find and rescue alicia but
alicia's like yo girl you killed john
dory after i was nice to you alicia went
through this exact same thing in season
four when charlie killed her brother
nick
and it's like yo kid i already forgave
one teenager that killed someone i loved
i'm not gonna do it again when teddy
learns dakota's got mommy issues it's
like hey jump in the truck you're coming
with us cause this trip is all about
mothers in fact it looks like they're
heading towards the baseball stadium
where alicia lived with her mother
madison but apparently that's just a
coincidence because they're actually
heading to some sort of mausoleum where
teddy's picking up a dead body
yeah this is his mother who he's like
creepily obsessed with in a psycho-type
way apparently he wants to pick up their
body because when they nuke the whole
world that way she can like return to
the earth and be part of their new
beginning they blow a tire though and
crash his mother's body goes flying out
the back and he's gotta pick it up he's
kissing it on the mouth what a gross guy
they're fighting off some walkers but
then saved by a blast from the past
it's cole part of the season four group
that was at the stadium with him it's
like what's up alicia yeah after madison
lured all the walkers into the stadium
and set fire to it like we and some of
the group were able to get out he's
gonna help him find some new tires and
on the way alicia explains she's got a
new group now and how currently she's
sort of kidnapped by teddy but isn't
trying to escape yet because she wants
to find out what his evil master plan is
unfortunately it turns out coal and the
stadium survivors are not good people
anymore yeah they've become raiders to
survive they take the whole group
hostage and it's like yeah sorry alicia
but we're just gonna take all your stuff
this is how we live now now he heard
teddy has some sort of bunker with a ton
of supply stockpiled it's like where is
it old man but teddy's not talking he
has zero fear of death he really
believes that if he dies he'll be part
of the new beginning cole tries to get
him to talk by threatening his mother's
dead body oh that'll get him but turns
out teddy doesn't care because that
isn't
actually his mother it was all a fake
his real plan actually was to drive
alicia to the ruins of the stadium to
try to like you know convince her that
nothing's worth saving and we get the
story of how her's mother thought he was
crazy and then he had to kill her he
buried her in the backyard and that
spring flower sprouted over her grave
and it's like oh i see the end is the
beginning
anyway they're going to kill them all
when some zombies show up and alicia
takes the opportunity to escape oh this
handful of walkers somehow kill all the
stadium crew even though they all had
guns in the end alicia's got her gun on
coal and it's like hey man i can't
believe you became a bad person my mom
died so you could live you were supposed
to make it mean something blam alicia
kills him and teddy's like you see now
the world's not worth saving we need to
start again
he feels like he can trust alicia now so
he finally explains his master plan he
tells her about the nuclear submarine he
found and how those two keys will launch
the missile and destroy everything
although if there's only one missile i
guess it won't destroy everything just
like some of texas
in any case alicia grabs his gun it's
like ha thanks for telling me now i can
finally get out of here but dakota pulls
a gun
on her yes she and teddy have been
talking this whole episode and as an
impressionable young girl who's a little
bit crazy anyway she's fully on board
the teddy train now
alicia managed to contact strand on the
walkie and be like yo he's got a nuclear
sub you got to find it and disarm it but
that's all she could say before riley
and the rest of the crew show up and
she's a prisoner again they take her to
their new base a hotel that has a secret
military apocalypse bunker under it this
is where they're gonna ride it out and
teddy's like look alicia i need you to
survive because like i'm gonna be the
end and you can be the beginning
i don't know what exactly he means by
that but in any case for now he locks
her up in the cell
and that's where the episode comes to an
end now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows discover
the romance thriller a discovery of
witches where witches vampires and
demons live among us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure looking for an action-packed
crime drama you gotta watch gangs of
london enter the violent streets of
fictional modern london as sean wallace
hunts down his father's killer and rises
to the top of the criminal underworld
if horror is your thing you're just in
time for shutters halfway to halloween
month with a packed lineup of new horror
shows and movies catch new episodes of
creep show season 2 still the most fun
you'll ever have being scared maybe
you're into the punk fantasy world of
the watch where an unlikely group of
misfits have to find the guts to save
the world
a comedy adventure with wizards
werewolves and dragons i mean come on i
gotta check it out so click the link in
the description to sign up for your 7
day free trial of amc plus now
get all the walking dead content you
love plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member